README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/dev/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/dev/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for App
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/dev/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/template/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/template?colorA=1e1e28&colorB=c9cbff&style=for-the-badge&logo=starship"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/template/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/template?colorA=1e1e28&colorB=f7be95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/template/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/template?colorA=1e1e28&colorB=b1e1a6&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/dev/assets/misc/sample.png"/>
</p>

## Usage

1. Clone this repository locally
2. Open the app's settings
3. Select `import theme` and browse to where you cloned Catppuccin
4. Select it

## 🙋 FAQ (optional)

- Q: **_"Where can I find the doc?"_**
  A: Run `:help theme`

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Human](https://github.com/catppuccin)

&nbsp;

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/dev/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" /></p>
<p align="center">Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=302d41&colorB=c9cbff"/></a></p>

Commit message:

Added catppuccin.js and edited README.md

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/dev/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/dev/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for App
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/dev/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/template/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/template?colorA=1e1e28&colorB=c9cbff&style=for-the-badge&logo=starship"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/template/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/template?colorA=1e1e28&colorB=f7be95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/template/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/template?colorA=1e1e28&colorB=b1e1a6&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/dev/assets/misc/sample.png"/>
</p>

## Usage

1. Go to the .js file.
2. Copy the URL.
3. Paste into Blink prompt. 
4. Create new terminal (⌘ + T).

## 🙋 FAQ (optional)

- Q: **_"Where can I find the doc?"_**
  A: Run `:help theme`

## 💝 Thanks to

- [rithikasilva](https://github.com/rithikasilva)

&nbsp;

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/dev/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" /></p>
<p align="center">Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=302d41&colorB=c9cbff"/></a></p>
